Luís Vaz de Camões was a Portuguese national poet, considered one of the greatest figures in Lusophone literature and one of the great poets of the Western tradition. Little is known for sure about his life. Apparently he was born in Lisbon, from a family of the gentry.
Fernando António Nogueira Pessoa was a Portuguese poet, philosopher, playwright, essayist, translator, publicist, astrologer, inventor, entrepreneur, commercial correspondent, literary critic and political commentator. Fernando Pessoa is the most universal Portuguese poet.
José de Sousa Saramago was a Portuguese writer. Awarded with the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1998. In 1995, he also won the Camões Prize, the most important literary prize in the Portuguese language. Saramago was considered responsible for the effective international recognition of prose in Portuguese.
Sophia de Mello Breyner Andresen was one of the most important Portuguese poets of the 20th century. She was the first Portuguese woman to receive the most important literary award in the Portuguese language, the Camões Prize, in 1999. Her body has been in the National Pantheon since 2014 and has a library named after her in Loulé.
Amália da Piedade Rebordão Rodrigues was a Portuguese singer, actress and fado singer, generally acclaimed as the voice of Portugal and one of the most brilliant singers of the 20th century. She is buried in the National Pantheon, among other illustrious Portuguese figures.
José Maria de Eça de Queiroz, also spelled Eça de Queirós, was a Portuguese writer and diplomat. He is considered one of the most important Portuguese writers ever. He was the author of novels of recognized importance, such as Os Maias and O Crime do Padre Amaro.
João Baptista da Silva Leitão de Almeida Garrett, later 1st Viscount de Almeida Garrett, was a Romantic writer and playwright, orator, peer of the kingdom, minister and honorary Portuguese secretary of state.
José Joaquim Cesário Verde was a Portuguese poet, being considered one of the pioneers, precursors of the poetry that would be made in Portugal in the 20th century.